---
layout: post
title: Week 1
subtitle: Katelyn Gelle
cover-img: /assets/img/peacebotw.gif
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/waitinglink.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/waitinglink.jpg
tags: [books, test]
---

**Weekend (08.19.2023-08.20.2023):**  
This weekend, I was able to install WSL: Ubuntu-20.04.  
I was also able to create this blog using a jekyll template! I hope that it will continue to go smoothly.  
I've also coded a few side projects in Python. I made a lot of errors on them, so they took me a really long time to finish. However, they're definitely a way to pass the time when I'm at home.  
Last week, I made my own Slack account, Github page, and joined the class. I was able to get the contacts of some of my friends on Slack this weekend!

**Day 1 (08.21.2023):**  
Today, I touched up a few of my private projects, particularly my "Bad Angband" one. I can't get the magical damage to destroy the enemy; the player always has to end up "attacking" it again to kill it. Although it's not bad since it doesn't kill the player, it's still inconvenient, so I'll have to find a way to work around it. Right now, it looks like my code relies on ending the game when the enemy is killed only by attack mechanisms, so I think I'll try to refine the if_dead command to also encompass magical damage.  

Also, I realized that my posts kept duplicating themselves. I was really confused as to why this was happening, but I then figured out that I had accidentally git cloned my repository into my existing directory. Once I deleted the duplicated repository, it fixed itself!